SQL (#1679)
enkidevs/curriculum: sql/dql/aggregate-queries/sum-clause.md

  LIMIT 5);
```

Output:

| sum |
|-----|
| 279 |

---
## Practice

> Considering the `move_effect_change` table. We want to know the total amount of `move_effect`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the `move_effect_change` table. We want to know the total amount of values contained in the `move_effect` column:
```
